Jira fix create ticket HR (#11671)
demisto/content: Packs/Jira/ReleaseNotes/1_2_12.md

#### Integrations
##### Atlassian Jira v2

> - Fixed an issue where *issue type* was printed under *project name* place in ***jira-create-issue*** war room response.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue where the *issue type* was printed instead of the *project name* in the war room response of the command ***jira-create-issue***.
```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
 - Fixed an issue where the *issue type* was printed instead of the *project name* in the war room response of the ***jira-create-issue*** command.
```

> - Updated the docker image to demisto/oauthlib:1.0.0.16907.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/oauthlib:1.0.0.16907*.
```
